draft svg rendering (#11)
eclipse-sprotty/sprotty-website: hugo/content/docs/svg-rendering.md

Let's have a look at the definition of the `NodeView` from the [Class Diagram example](https://github.com/eclipse-sprotty/sprotty/blob/master/examples/classdiagram/src/views.tsx):

```typescript
@injectable()
export class NodeView extends RectangularNodeView {
    override render(node: Readonly<SNode>, context: RenderingContext, args?: IViewArgs): VNode | undefined {
        if (!this.isVisible(node, context)) {
            return undefined;
        }
        return <g>
            <rect class-sprotty-node={true}
                  class-node-package={node.type === 'node:package'}
                  class-node-class={node.type === 'node:class'}
                  class-mouseover={node.hoverFeedback} class-selected={node.selected}
                  x="0" y="0" width={Math.max(node.size.width, 0)} height={Math.max(node.size.height, 0)}></rect>
            {context.renderChildren(node)}
        </g>;
    }
}
```

> The class `NodeView` extends `RectangularNodeView` which is a default `View` in Sprotty, ultimately implementing `IView`. Please note the class decorator `@injectable()`, which is necessary for the [Dependency Injection](link-to-dependency-injection) mechanism. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The class `NodeView` extends `RectangularNodeView` which is a default `View` in Sprotty, ultimately implementing `IView`. Don't forget to add the class decorator `@injectable()`, which is necessary for the [Dependency Injection](link-to-dependency-injection) mechanism.
```

> The `render()` method is the core of the `View`. It takes `node` as an argument of a given type, a `RenderingContext`, and an optional `args` object. It first checks if the `node` should be rendered. This is an optimization step, as we only want to render SVG elements that are inside of the viewport or are not hidden by some user-defined filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `render()` method is the core of the `View`. It takes `node` -- that is the `SModelElement` to be rendered - as an argument, a `RenderingContext`, and an optional `args` object. View implementations should first check whether the `node` should be rendered at all. This is an optimization step, as we only want to render SVG elements that are inside of the visible viewport and not hidden by some other user-defined filter.
```

> The `render()` method returns a `VNode` which is [Snabbdom's](https://github.com/snabbdom/snabbdom) virtual representation of a DOM element. This `VNode` can hold one and only one *root element*, therefore we need to group our SVG elements inside of a *container element* `g`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eventually, the `render()` method returns a `VNode` which is [Snabbdom's](https://github.com/snabbdom/snabbdom) virtual representation of a DOM element. This `VNode` can hold one and only one *root element*, therefore we need to group our SVG elements inside of a *container element* `g`.
```
